Runs: Rewrite Runs section (#2011)
wandb/docs: models/runs/search-runs.mdx

---
title: "Search runs"

> description: Learn how to search runs using regular expressions (RegEx) and export the runs table to CSV in the W&B App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to search runs using regular expressions and export the runs table to CSV in the W&B App.
```
Suggest removing it from the description because it's also in the first paragraph, and it's also not a broadly agreed-upon abbreviation (there is also RegExp, regex, reg-ex, etc etc).

---

Use regular expressions (RegEx) to find runs with the regular expression you specify. When you type a query in the search box, that will filter down the visible runs in the graphs on the workspace as well as filtering the rows of the table.

## Search End Time for runs

> We provide a column named `End Time` that logs that last heartbeat from the client process. The field is hidden by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Search for runs by end time

The **End Time** column logs logs the last heartbeat from the client process. The column is hidden by default.
```
Link to docs for showing a hidden column?

---
title: "Search runs"

> description: Learn how to search runs using regular expressions and export the runs table to CSV in the W&B App.

Reviewer: Am I missing something? I don't see anything aboiut export in this file.
